🐛 Use compatible `pytest < 8` when running MyPy against Python 3.7 (#937)
aio-libs/multidict: CHANGES/937.bugfix.rst

Reviewer: It's not a user-facing change. Use `contrib`.

> pytest/mypy compatibility issue for Python 3.7 has been fixed.

Reviewer: Let's make this useful with context.
```suggestion
The version of pytest is now capped below 8, when running MyPy
against Python 3.7. This pytest release dropped support for
said runtime.
```
